feat(browser): Emit low cardinality resource span names (#23546)
getsentry/sentry-javascript: MIGRATION.md

With [span streaming](#span-streaming-is-now-the-default) enabled(the default), span names are now **low cardinality**, following the [Sentry span name conventions](https://getsentry.github.io/sentry-conventions/names/).

> In v11, this only affects `pageload` and `resource.*` spans. Further ops will follow in future releases.

Reviewer: l: I think we can just omit this sentence, since the table will list all spans below. That's on me for shipping clanker crap in the initial PR. Sorry about that!

```suggestion
```

If you [opt out of span streaming](#opting-out-of-span-streaming), span names remain unchanged.

The following span names were adjusted:

| Span op      | Before                                                                                      | After                                                                      |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `pageload`   | The parameterized route, or the raw URL path if the SDK couldn't resolve one (`/users/123`) | The parameterized route, or `Pageload` if the SDK has none                 |
| `resource.*` | The resource URL, relative to the page origin for same-origin resources (`/assets/app.js`)  | The resource domain (`cdn.example.com`), or `Resource` if the SDK has none |

Resource spans now also carry a `url.domain` attribute holding that domain. The full URL remains available on `url.full`.

Some consequences to be aware of:

> Child spans of a pageload span carry its name in their `sentry.segment.name` attribute, so that changes with it. If you group or filter spans by segment name in dashboards or alerts, update those references.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Child spans of a service or root span carry its name in their `sentry.segment.name` attribute, so that changes with it. If you group or filter spans by segment name in dashboards or alerts, update those references.
```

> `ignoreSpans` is evaluated when a span **starts**, at which point a pageload span without a resolved route is already named `'Pageload'` and a resource span is already named after its domain, so filters matching a URL path no longer apply to them. Match on attributes instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ignoreSpans` is evaluated when a span **starts**, at which point a span might not yet have its final name. For example, an unresolved pageload span name is named `'Pageload'` and might receive its final, resolved route name later.
`ignoreSpans` filters matching a URL path no longer apply to them. 
Another example where filters might need adjustments are `resource.*` spans where their name now only includes the domain the resource was taken from.

Match on attributes instead:
```
